Update the README to match whats currently hardcoded in docs and put back `integration` asset (#12816)
DataDog/integrations-core: iam_access_analyzer/README.md

## Overview

Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) Access Analyzer across your Amazon account to continuously analyze IAM permissions granted with any of your account policies. Datadog integrates with Amazon IAM Access Analyzer using a Lambda function that ships its logs to Datadog.

## Setup

### Log collection

> 1. If you haven't already, set up the [Datadog log collection AWS Lambda function][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you haven't already, set up the [Datadog Forwarder][1] Lambda function.
```

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3].

> [1]: /integrations/amazon_web_services/?tab=allpermissions#set-up-the-datadog-lambda-function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[1]: /logs/guide/forwarder/
```

Author: @anshumgargdd Can you confirm if these are the right links?

Author: Thanks for the suggestions @buraizu 
In the spirit of getting this migration landed, I committed your suggestions. 

@anshumgargdd If any of these don't seem right, I'll defer to you for followup changes 🙂
